docs/TODO.md, before:

# TODOs
- [ ] Many wonderful graphs, including;
  - [ ] Sankey diagram of productivity (interactive for more fine-tuned productivity checking)
  - [ ] Pie chart of time spent and applications spent on (like ![this](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/9c5b83edbc3651c9c74e2bf038b872d1b9a4a29cc76fe0e1ceb84731f2958b01/68747470733a2f2f692e706f7374696d672e63632f434b4835685439562f7669732e706e67))
  - [ ] Word chart of applications used
  - [ ] Github-like practice time heatmap graph
  - [ ] Score (daily, weekly, monthly; additionally, the percentage + or -) (score against what you said you would do)
- [ ] Lock-in (specify time and place and amount of time for study, and it won't let you change it)
- [ ] Pomodoro timer (with a 'just let me continue' option)
- [ ] System monitoring (optional) for productivity; keep track of which apps/websites/etc. you use and list them as productive or not
- [ ] Kanban boards to help organise your tasks
- [ ] Priority system
- [ ] Streaks (w/ best streaks view (Habits))
- [ ] Gamification w/ point buy
- [ ] Calendar
- [ ] Sub-tasks
- [ ] Archive
- [ ] Something like a forest to grow, cultivate and keep looking really nice that you can be proud of
- [ ] Really pretty UI and such

# Inspiration
- [Pomodoro logger](https://github.com/zxch3n/PomodoroLogger)
- [Habits](https://github.com/iSoron/uhabits)
- [Habitica](https://habitica.com/)
- [Forest](https://www.forestapp.cc/)

Commit message:

Updated the docs; finished requirements and specifications and started working on storyboard
This was a requirement for the project. Next I will continue working on sprint 1's documentation.

docs/TODO.md, after:

# TODOs
- [ ] Many wonderful graphs, including;
  - [ ] Sankey diagram of productivity (interactive for more fine-tuned productivity checking)
  - [ ] Pie chart of time spent and applications spent on (like ![this](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/9c5b83edbc3651c9c74e2bf038b872d1b9a4a29cc76fe0e1ceb84731f2958b01/68747470733a2f2f692e706f7374696d672e63632f434b4835685439562f7669732e706e67))
  - [ ] Word chart of applications used
  - [ ] Github-like practice time heatmap graph
  - [ ] Score (daily, weekly, monthly; additionally, the percentage + or -) (score against what you said you would do)
- [ ] Lock-in (specify time and place and amount of time for study, and it won't let you change it)
- [ ] Pomodoro timer (with a 'just let me continue' option)
- [ ] System monitoring (optional) for productivity; keep track of which apps/websites/etc. you use and list them as productive or not
- [ ] Kanban boards to help organise your tasks
- [ ] Priority system
- [ ] Streaks (w/ best streaks view (Habits))
- [ ] Gamification w/ point buy
- [ ] Calendar
- [ ] Sub-tasks
- [ ] Archive
- [ ] Something like a forest to grow, cultivate and keep looking really nice that you can be proud of (this can be in either the rest or main area)
- [ ] Really pretty UI and such


# Other things
- There is a relaxing place you go to as a reward (in break time) which you can make look pretty, and you can design it outside break but not enter yet.
- Confetti on finish task
- You can save up break time and redeem it anytime
- You don't get coins for finishing a task, you get coins for working on it
- Maybe have a description instead of a million subtasks
- Should I have short/long breaks?
- Coins are calculated to much higher precision internally (1 coin every minute, but keep seconds intact) but you are only allowed to use a rounded down amount

# Inspiration
- [Pomodoro logger](https://github.com/zxch3n/PomodoroLogger)
- [Habits](https://github.com/iSoron/uhabits)
- [Habitica](https://habitica.com/)
- [Forest](https://www.forestapp.cc/)
